Judge Yeon
How many men have you hanged?
But you shouldn't.
Those are the people around me.
brother
Now you should see what kind of woman she is.
You're his brother.
Ah.
Be clear.
Don't, don't run.
Don't.
Thank you for showing me who this woman really is.
Honey, what are you talking about?
We're family.
I don't want someone like that to be my sister-in-law.
Right?
Congratulations to the owner on completing the task.
Has completely changed the direction of the aid film.
The Judgement System Of course cannot love Judge Yeon.
It was not because of Shen Shen Yeon that you planned, your mission was successful.
Why all of a sudden?
Little That
How long can I stay in this world?
The server's next storyline has nothing to do with mission progress.
It makes Little Seven unable to control himself.
When you finish your mission, you leave me.
You really have no conscience.
Little Seven Little Seven